Add deprecation warnings (#7657)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/05-upgrading-to-v1.10.md

```

#### Custom keys not nested under meta

> Previously, when you could define any additional fields directly under `config`, it could lead to collisions between preexisting user-defined configurations and official configurations of the dbt framework. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when you could define any additional fields directly under `config`, it could lead to collisions between pre-existing user-defined configurations and official configurations of the dbt framework. 
```
